AP Statistics Help/Review:
---------------------------------
June 26th, 2004
By Travis Fischer (Fisch2)
phishfud@elknet.net


This program is fairly self-explanatory and should be used for review purposes only.  It should work on all 
68k calcs (untested on the TI-89 Titanium, but it should work).  This program is nostub, so no 
kernels/libraries are needed to run it.  Much thanks to the TIGCC team for their excellent compiler/IDE!  
Also thanks to the TICT team!

Use the Left/Right keys to scroll through the 22 pages of formulas/information, covering pretty much all of 
the AP Statistics course materials (except some of the probability stuff).  Enter may be used in place of 
the Right key to scroll forward through the pages.  In the lower right hand corner, there is a counter 
showing you your current page.  This is Not an e-book.

This program was created very quickly and was originally intended for a different reason, but I thought 
someone else may benefit from this program.  Although this program is very simple/small, if there is some 
bug with it, I am in no way responsible for any loss of data and/or Anything which may negatively occur as 
a result of using this program.

If you are taking the AP Statistics Exam, you probably should know the formulas contained in this program 
and definitely !!!know when to use each of them!!!.  For the free response section of the exam, several of 
the questions usually involve performing a test (the cumulative question #6 usually incorporates several 
tests/operations).  Be sure to either state the name of the test you are performing or the test's formula 
and, if you have time, both.  Some people advise answering question #6 first since it is weighted and 
worth more points.  Anyway, I hope this program compacts everything in an easy-to-use review tool and I 
wish you good luck with the Exam :-)

(taken from the help.c)
REVIEW for AP-Statistics Exam:
         -- Disclaimer --
   This program is strictly for 
   review purposes and was not 
   written for people to cheat 
   with.  I hereby state that I 
   can be in now way held 
   responsible for your actions.
   It is NOT this author's 
   intent to write a 'cheat-
   sheet' prog, so please don't 
   use it as one!  And, as 
   usual, I am in no way liable 
   for what happens.  The author 
   expresses NO guarantees or 
   warranties of the software 
   and/or the data files, either 
   expressed or implied.
         -- Disclaimer --
   
   By:  Me :)